your father died protecting this city he
taught you to follow your conscience in
an often cruel world what happened
we're staying 18 years 20 cops case why
were they here they responded to a
robbery automatic weapons to shooters
they have training
what were you when your father's captain
King I asked for you for a reason I will
find them we just kill cops either one
you got to move fast
Colorado's plates are stolen they will
catch these guys in the next three or
four hours they vanished
are you gonna do this close the ayah the
twenty-one bridges in and out of
Manhattan shut them down three rivers
closed four tunnels block oh stop every
train and loop the subways then we flood
the island below another this may sense
the bid was for 30 keys we walked into
they'll have to work with Manhattan by
morning eight dead policeman is one
thing but the stock market version
billions of dollars is quite another
this whole thing is filthy
you know me you've got to be to move to
be hundred killers of cocaine
what's going on here I just need the
truth that's all I told me you were
feeling the guy who kills cop killers
seasons dad and every cop dies
repulsion is not
[Music]
which out of the way no they're not
gonna escape dividers gonna come tonight
who speech person
I will find out why tonight happy
repetition try to represent
[Music]